Azure accelerated networking (#589)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/basics/azure-accelerated-networking/index.md

As mentioned in [Microsoft Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/create-vm-accelerated-networking-cli),
the key benefits of Accelerated Networking are:

- **Lower Latency / Higher packets per second (pps)**: Removing the virtual switch from the datapath removes the time packets spend in the host for policy processing and increases the number of packets that can be processed inside the VM.
- **Reduced jitter**: Virtual switch processing depends on the amount of policy that needs to be applied, and the workload of the CPU that is doing the processing. Offloading the policy enforcement to the hardware removes that variability by delivering packets directly to the VM, removing the host to VM communication and all software interrupts and context switches.
- **Decreased CPU utilization**: Bypassing the virtual switch in the host leads to less CPU utilization for processing network traffic.

Furthermore, accelerated networking feature is available free of charge for many (but not all) Virtual Machine types.

## Support in Giant Swarm Clusters

As of release v{{% first_azure_accelerated_networking_version %}}, `Accelerated Networking` is enabled by default

> on all `Node Pools` that have a Virtual Machine type that support the feature, so there is nothing you need to do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on all `Node Pools` that have a [Virtual Machine type that supports the feature](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/create-vm-accelerated-networking-powershell#supported-vm-instances), so there is nothing you need to do
```
